Add support of client-go credential plugins in auth (#396)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-kubernetes: website/docs/index.html.markdown

* `config_context_cluster` - (Optional) Cluster context of the kube config (name of the kubeconfig cluster, `--cluster` flag in `kubectl`). Can be sourced from `KUBE_CTX_CLUSTER`.
* `token` - (Optional) Token of your service account.  Can be sourced from `KUBE_TOKEN`.
* `load_config_file` - (Optional) By default the local config (~/.kube/config) is loaded when you use this provider. This option at false disable this behaviour. Can be sourced from `KUBE_LOAD_CONFIG_FILE`.

> * `exec` - (Optional) Exec-based client auth provider (https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/authentication/#client-go-credential-plugins)

Reviewer: Since we are adding a new configuration block with nested arguments, we should appropriately document everything here. 👍 

```suggestion
* `exec` - (Optional) Configuration block to use an [exec-based credential plugin](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/authentication/#client-go-credential-plugins), e.g. call an external command to receive user credentials. 
  * `api_version` - (Required) API version to use when decoding the ExecCredentials resource, e.g. `client.authentication.k8s.io/v1beta1`.
  * `command` - (Required) Command to execute.
  * `args` - (Optional) List of arguments to pass when executing the plugin.
  * `env` - (Optional) Map of environment variables to set when executing the plugin.
```
